Antrea supports pass-through/policy-only mode (#449)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/policy-only.md

[here](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/sonobuoy/releases/), and set environment variable SONOBUOY to
path to the executable, if you k8s cluster is lower version;

### Caveats
When install Antrea after a k8s cluster already has some Pods running, these pre-installed Pods
will not have Antrea managing their network policies. If they re-initiate, they then are under Antrea.
For instance,
```bash
kubectl scale deployment coredns --replicas 0 -n kube-system
kubectl scale deployment coredns --replicas 2 -n kube-system
```

## Design

### Inserting to CNI Topology
Antrea is designed to work as network policy plug-in for the following CNI topology models. For
as long as a CNI implementation fits into one of these two models, Antrea may be inserted for
network policy in that CNI's environment.

### Routed CNI Topology

<img src="/docs/assets/l3-cni.svg" width="600" alt="Antrea Switched CNI">

The above diagram depicts a routed CNI network topology on the left, and what it looks like 
after Antrea via OVS bridge is inserted into the data path.

In a routed CNI network topology, such as AWS EKS, each Pod connects to host network via an point-to

> -point like device, such as (but not limited to) an veth-pair . On the host network, on each PtP

Author: done

> -point like device, such as (but not limited to) an veth-pair . On the host network, on each PtP

Author: done.

 device, a host route with
corresponding Pod's IP address as destination is created. On each Pod, routes are configured
to ensure all outgoing traffic is sent over this PtP devices, and incoming traffic is received
on this PtP device. This is a spoke-and-hub model, where to/from Pod traffic, even within the
same Node must first come to host network and being routed by it.

When a Pod is instantiated, the container runtime first calls the primary CNI to configure
Pod's IP and route table, DNS etc, and connects Pod to host network with a Point-To-Point
device such as a veth-pair.

> Due to chaining, container runtime then calls Antrea, and the Antrea agent attaches Pod's PtoP

Author: done. Changes to shorthand PtP.

 device to the OVS bridge, and moves the host route to the Pod to gw0 interface from PtP devices.
 This is illustrated on the diagram on the right.

In this model, Antrea needs to satisfy that 
1) All IP packets received and sent on each Pod and on gw0 via OVS bridge are exactly the same if
 they are received and sent on Pod via PtP devices.

There are no L2 requirements as all MACS stay within the OVS. 
Antrea requires no knowledge of Pod network configurations nor
how CNI network are connected, it simply needs to program the following OVS flows in the OVS bridge:

> 1) An default ARP responder flow that answers any ARP request with the same MAC. Its sole

Author: done

purpose is so that a Pod's neighbor may be resolved, so that IP packets may be sent by that Pod.
2) IP packets are routed based on its destination IP if it matches any local Pod's IP
3) All other IP packets are routed to host network via gw0 interface.

These flows should satisfy all Pod traffic patterns with exception of Pod-to-Service traffic
that we will address later.

## Handling Pod-To-Service
The discussion in this section is relevant also to Pod-to-Service traffic in noEncap traffic
mode. Antrea applies same principle to handle Pod-to-service traffic in all traffic modes where
 there are no traffic encapsulation.

Antrea uses kube-proxy for load balancing at present, and supports also Pod level 
network policy enforcement.
This means that for any Pod-to-service traffic, it needs to be 
1) first sent to host network for load balancing (DNAT), then
2) sent back to OVS bridge for network policy processing
3) if DNATed destination in a) is inter-Node Pod or external network entity, is sent back
to host network space yet again to be forwarded via host network.

> We refers the last traffic pattern as re-entrance traffic because in this pattern, a IP packet 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We refer the last traffic pattern as re-entrance traffic because in this pattern, an IP packet 
```

Author: done.

2) At Antrea initialization, an ip-rule is added to select antrea_service route table as routing table if traffic is marked.
3) At Antrea initialization, an default route entry is added to antrea_service route table to
 forward all traffic to gw0.

The outcome may be something like
```bash
ip neigh | grep gw0
169.254.253.1 dev gw0 lladdr 12:34:56:78:9a:bc PERMANENT

ip route show table 300 #tbl_idx=300 is antrea_service
default via 169.254.253.1 dev gw0 onlink 

ip rule | grep gw0
300:	from all fwmark 0x800/0x800 iif gw0 lookup 300 

iptables -t mangle  -L ANTREA-MANGLE 
Chain ANTREA-MANGLE (1 references)
target     prot opt source               destination         
MARK       all  --  anywhere             10.0.0.0/16          /* Antrea: mark service traffic */ MARK or 0x800
MARK       all  --  anywhere            !10.0.0.0/16          /* Antrea: unmark post LB service traffic */ MARK and 0x0
```

The above configuration allows Pod-to-service traffic uses different route table after load balance,
and to be steered back OVS bridge for network policy enforcements.

#### Conntrack

> Note also that the re-entrance traffic, an request for service, after load balancing, routed to

Author: done

 Pod.
   
Antrea uses the following mechanism to handle Pod-to-service traffic re-entrance to host network
 space, and bypass connection tracking.
1) In OVS bridge, adds flow that marks any re-entrance traffic with a special source MAC.
2) In OVS bridge, adds flow that causes any re-entrance traffic to bypasses conntrack in OVS
 zone.
3) In host network space raw iptable, adds a rule that if matching special MAC, bypass connection
 tracking in host connection zone.

#### Network Policy Consideration
Note that in re-entrance mode, the original reply packets do not make into OVS, it is 
unDATted in host network before reaching OVS.  Does it has any impact on network policy
 enforcement? 
 
It is Ok from policy enforcement perspective, 
Antrea enforces network policy by allowing or disallowing initial connection packets (for
 instance, TCP sync), to go through and to establish connection tracking. Once a connection is established,
it relies on conntrack to admit or reject packets for that connection. 
This still holds true for re-entrance traffic, 
except that conntrack takes place not within OVS conntrack zone, 
but with host network's default conntrack zone.

> It have some effect on statistics collection. If original reply traffic reaches 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has some effect on statistics collection. If original reply traffic reaches 
```

Author: done

# Running Antrea In Policy Only Mode

Antrea supports chaining with other CNI implementations such as EKS. In this mode, 

> Antrea enforces kubernetes network policies, and delegates Pod IP management

Author: do u consider network policies as k8s kind, therefore I should replace all "network policies"/"network policy" with NetworkPolicy? or network policy as more general term, therefore existing format should be suffice?

> Antrea enforces kubernetes network policies, and delegates Pod IP management

Reviewer 2: I feel in most cases you mean Kuberentes NetworkPolicy, and we do not really have other policies yet. When we do kube-proxy, even for policy-only mode, it is still bye OVS, and so seems it is more NetworkPolicy only?

BTW, %s/kubernetes/Kubernetes, or if you like K8s.

> Antrea enforces kubernetes network policies, and delegates Pod IP management

Author: ok will change
kubernetes -> Kubernetes
network policy/cies -> NetworkPolicy

and network connectivity to the primary CNI.

The policy-only mode is compatible currently with routed CNI implementations. 

## Deploy and Test Antrea In Cloud 
Assuming you already have a cloud managed Kubernetes cluster, and have KUBECONFIG environment
variable set to configuration file of that cluster.

Create an Antrea manifest for policy-only mode, for instance
```bash

> ./hack/generate-manifest.sh --encap-mode networkPolicyOnly > ~/my-yaml/antrea-policy.yaml

Author: we can do that, but user would still need to modify the checked in manifest, because in each CNI environment, service CIDR, MTU may all be different, So it sort defeats the reasoning to have a check-in version of manifest in the first place.

```

Adjust defaultMTU, and serviceCIDR values of antrea-agent.conf in the manifest to your cluster, and 
apply the manifest to the cluster, for instance
```bash
kubectl apply -f ~/my-yaml/antrea-policy.yaml 
```

Now Antrea should be plugged into the Kubernetes cluster and enforces any NetworkPolicy.
You can now validate Antrea NetworkPolicy engine by running conformance and NetworkPolicy
 tests.
```bash
./ci/run-k8s-e2e-tests.sh --e2e-all
```
You may need to install a lower version of sonobuoy 
[here](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/sonobuoy/releases/), and set environment variable SONOBUOY to

> the path to the executable, if the Kubernetes cluster is lower version;

Author: policy-only.md is no longer part of this PR.

### Caveats
When installing Antrea after a kubernetes cluster already has some Pods running, these pre
-installed Pods do not have Antrea managing their network policies. If they re-initiate, their
 network policies then are enforced by Antrea.
For instance,
```bash
kubectl scale deployment coredns --replicas 0 -n kube-system
kubectl scale deployment coredns --replicas 2 -n kube-system
```

## Design

### Inserting to CNI Topology

> Antrea is designed to work as network policy plug-in for the following CNI topology models. For

Author: done.

as long as a CNI implementation fits into these models, Antrea may be inserted to enforce
network policy in that CNI's environment.

> ### Routed CNI Topology

Author: done.
